Github changes on different file. in one project
anna  																				ben
																					mytxt2.txt file ben added some line , ben commit and push into remo
anna added some line in mytxt1.txt file and commited
try push to same server but it gives error. to remove
error first anna pull the ben changes by pressing pull button
and check the "commit merged changes immediately".
after pull, git create new merge changes and changes in graph.
let them push this commit.
																					pull by ben and check "commit merged changes imeediately"
																					
			so both the file   mytxt1.txt and mytxt2.txt updated.
			
Github changes on same file in same project.

Anna 																				Ben
Anna add few lines in mytxt1.txt file in bottom,
																					Ben added some line in mytxt1.txt file in start of file.
																					Ben commit his changes. and pushes them.
Anna commit the changes, press pull button for ben changes for their own,
uncheck the "commit merged changes immediately" , so that we saw which file change.
then press commit button , git automatically added merge comments , you
remove that comments and add our comments. after that press push button
git merges both the changes and push on remote location.
																					Ben take pull uncheck the "commit merged changes immediately" and saw both the changes.
																					
Github resolve conflicts in same file if no of people work there 

Anna																				Ben
Anna changes mytxt1.txt file "anna here".
																					Ben changes mytxt1.txt file "ben here".
Anna commit and push the changes in github.
																					Ben commit his changes. then ben press pull button try to merge anna changes.
																					(uncheck "commit merged changes immediately" in pull button)
																					we have seen new icon yellow warning sign in staged file.
																					if you press commit button ,it is a conflict file and git add head<<< in the file, 
																					i don't want this.if u want to resolve conflicts, go to menu
																					Action -> Resolve Conflicts -> Restart Merge it show me two staged file.
																					In staged file choose that file right click 
																					Resolved Conflicts -> Launch external merge tool -> if nothing open then you choose
																					tools go to menu Tools-> options -> diff ->External Diff/Merge -> External Diff Tool drop down
																					select KDiff3 and Merge Tool drop down select KDiff3 and press ok button.
																					merge file from kdiff3 tools and then commit the changes, remove extra file.
																					and press the push button.
anna can pull it .
																					